[WIP] Docs update for Alpha JobBackoffLimitPerIndex [placeholder PR] (#41921)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `InTreePluginPortworxUnregister` | `false` | Alpha | 1.23 | |
| `InTreePluginRBDUnregister` | `false` | Alpha | 1.23 | |
| `InTreePluginvSphereUnregister` | `false` | Alpha | 1.21 | |

> | `JobBackoffLimitPerIndex` | `false` | Alpha | 1.28 | 1.28 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `JobBackoffLimitPerIndex` | `false` | Alpha | 1.28 | |
```

  and volume controllers.
- `JobMutableNodeSchedulingDirectives`: Allows updating node scheduling directives in
  the pod template of [Job](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job).

> - `JobBackoffLimitPerIndex`: Allows users to specify the maximal number of pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `JobBackoffLimitPerIndex`: Allows specifying the maximal number of pod
```
